Now the application is looking and working nice,
there's one more thing I want to do.
If for some reason, an error should occur on the new post page, then I want to also not show the spinner
anymore because right now in the post create page, just as on other pages too or at least just as we had it on
other pages, we are setting isLoading to
true whenever we are saving that post and then we don't care about the fact or about the result of this
add post or update post operation.
Now caring about it is easy though.
We can again use that AuthStatusListener, just as we did on the sign-up and login page.
So for that, I'll add a new private property, private authStatusSub which is of type subscription
to store that subscription we're going to create,
don't forget to import subscription from rxjs and with that added here, we can inject our
auth service here, auth service of type auth service,
you also need to import that type from your auth service file. And if you got it injected, then you can
set up a listener in ngOnInit,
this auth service get authStatusListener, subscribe to it, store the subscription in the authStatusSub
property you created
and here, we get the authStatus
and whenever this changes, I will simply set this isLoading to false because if that changes, we'll
always need to disable the loader,
that is something we know about our application.
The only conditions where this can change are conditions where we want to, well stop our loader from loading.
So now we have that listener set up,
we should also unsubscribe in onDestroy, so let's add the onDestroy interface, import it from
@angular/core.
And with that added up here, let's go to the bottom of that file,
let's add ngOnDestroy here and let's reach out to our authStatus subscription and call unsubscribe.
And now we also handle that rare case that for some reason we get an error here,
well then we would at least remove that spinner and that is error handling as I want to implement it in
this application.
You can always do more, show more detailed error messages, handle errors differently for different components,
this is just one possible flow.
A very elegant flow as I think though because with that global interceptor, we have a very minimal amount
of code we need for handling these errors,
we have our separate error component which is a great practice and therefore, error handling is really
made easy in this application.